It is well known that Supply Chain Management
is an integral part of most businesses,
and is essential to company success
and customer satisfaction.
It is a fact that good supply chain management
boosts customer service.
Customers expect the correct product assortment
and quantity to be delivered throughout the hospital
and are available at the right location.
For example, customer satisfaction can diminish
in the inpatient units if the logistics department
does not have the necessary clinical items
to treat patients.
Continuously running out of gowns or gloves
can have a serious negative impact on patient care.
Most importantly, customers expect products
to be delivered on time.
For example, if there is a surgery scheduled for Friday
on a patient in the OR.
The staff expects the items required for the surgery
to be there prior to the case,
and not a day after the fact.